Module: Author as Sender
Version: 1.4.4
Author: Oliver Riesen <oliver@riesen.org>

Uses the authors display name and email address as sender in the FROM-clause
for outgoing emails (user and moderator notifications and private mail).

In case of reporting a post the module uses the display name of the reporter
instead of the original author.

For user notifications and private mail the authors email address is only used
if there exists an email address and if the author allow to show the email
address to other users.

Moderator notifications contains the authors email address even if the author
doesn't allow to show the email address to other users.

Email address is encoded as per RFC 2045 (Message Header Extensions for
Non-ASCII Text, see http://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc2045.txt).

Tested on version 5.2.20


License:
-------

Free to use, modify, or redistribute this code so long as I am given credit for
the original development somewhere. This code comes with absolutely no warranty.


Requirements:
------------

Minimum Phorum version: 5.2.8.


Installation:
------------

1. Unpack the archive.

2. Move the directory "author_as_sender" to the directory "mods" within your
   Phorum installation. Don't change the directory name!

3. Login as administrator in Phorum's administrative interface and go to the
   "Modules" section.

4. Enable the module "Author as Sender".

5. Go to the module settings, change and save the options.


Module settings:
---------------

== Settings for user notifications and private mail

Use authors email-address instead of System Emails From Address

If this option is marked and if the users email address is public the module
will use the users email address. In other cases the primal email address is
used which is by default "System Emails From Address" from "Global Settings".
Other modules like the Mailing List Module can specify a differing email
address.

The default value is "checked".

== Settings for moderator notifications

Use authors email-address instead of System Emails From Address

If this option is marked the module will use the users email address. In other
cases the primal email address is used which is by default "System Emails From
Address" from "Global Settings". Other modules like the Mailing List Module
can specify a differing email address.

The default value is "checked".


Language support:
----------------

This module doesn't contain any language text.


Sanity Checks:
-------------

If you have problems with this module login as administrator in Phorum's
administrative interface and go to the "System Sanity Checks" section. Check
for warnings or errors for the Author as Sender Module.

The following check is performed:

- Phorum version is 5.2.8 or greater?
- Does custom profile field exists?
